in the center of American power we are
at a critical moment in our history and
attack as we prepared some is that the
weather's may live on it talking never
expected mr. president commence a
chapter with just kidding whoever
attacked knew exactly what a hit
we're off the grid now I want to give me
death he just like okay last time I
ended up in here there is a trained
sniper top scores urban recon demolition
let a mutiny against the four-star
general there you stole no longer exists
who the hell am I to the new triple and
God bless measure now what man is
discovering that the greatest threat to
our nation
Secretary of Defense decorative
I got tanks choppers man is making a
hole on the US cap
I'll do whatever it takes to protect
this nation you are going to take the
president out but Ethel you watch they
pull the trigger you take the fall
cleanest revolution in history hello
American our union is wrong everybody up
if you gottem anything serious here
not getting away I'm going to thank
waiting to the crash support that's
enough talk to the prize
Wars come and go but my soldiers
page-turner I like that he says
Jefferson Patton 2 pie
you
[Music]